NOTE: These examples will only work if the 'idc' compiler has been
installed.  To compile them without installing you will have to:

  - point the Makefiles at the uninstalled 'idc' by setting the
    variable IDC on the command line; 

  - tell 'idc' where to find its own compiled runtime libraries with
    -the B option; and

  - tell 'idc' where to find the compile-time st80 libraries with the
    -I option

like this:

	cd hw
	make IDC="../../../boot/idc -B../../../boot/ -I../../st80"
	LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$PWD/../../../boot ./hw

NOTE: Compilation can be long on slow hardware because many of the
examples import 'st80' causing the compiler to scan the source of the
entire Smalltalk-80 library.  (Most of them would probably work fine
importing nothing more than Object.)  In no particular order...

avl

    SortedCollection done right.

dispatch

    Examples of selector-based dispatch for virtual machines and/or to
    replace 'switch()'-like statements.

echo

    Id version of the Unix utility of the same name.

forward

    Ugly proof of concept: transparent message forwarding.

hw

    The traditional 'hello world' program.

ignore

    Providing a default answer for unimplemented methods.

interp

    A cheesey little example of a cheesier little interpreter.
    Demonstrates how closures in method dictionaries can share a
    single implementation but have different behaviour depending on
    the data stored in the closure.

libs1

    Example showing how to build and link against static libraries
    ('.a' archives).  Note that the linker will be forced to load all
    'Id' files found in the archive (regardless of whether they are
    used at runtime) and that the final program can be moved into (or
    run from) a different directory and it will still work (since all
    potentially-used libraries are linked statically into the
    executable).

libs2

    How to build and link against dynamic libraries.  Note that the
    final program can NOT be moved into (or run from) a different
    directory since the runtime will no longer be able to find the two
    libraries.  Either of the libraries can be modified without
    relinking the main program.

libs3

    How to build and link against a dynamic library constructed from
    multiple separately-compiled source files.

reflect

    How to fiddle with the lowest level of implementation machinery.
    For wizards only.

serialize

    Writing and reading objects in 'wire format'.

slots

    Using vtable closures as variables.

sqvm

    An almost complete Squeak (Smalltalk) virtal machine.

system

    How to run OS commands from inside a program.

this

    Sends to self that refuse to descend to a more specific receiver type.

traits

    Simplistic implementation of traits.

typename

    How to convert a String into the prototype named by the String.

weak

    Demonstration of weak Arrays that dutifully forget things.

x11

    Stupid UI example.
